Mega Millions Official Home Mega Millions is a large multi-state lottery in the United States. With lotteries from   Georgia, Illinois, Michigan, Maryland, Massachusetts, New Jersey, New York, ... MEGA Millions - California Lottery Imagine what a buck could do™! Play one of North America's largest lottery draw   games every Tuesday and Friday to become the next MEGA Millions® winner. Winning Numbers: 6/21/2013 - Mega Millions Official Home 3 days ago ... Mega Millions drawings are held Tuesday and Friday at 11:00 p.m. Five balls are   drawn from a set of balls numbered 1 through 56; one ball is ... Mega Millions - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia Mega Millions (initially called The Big Game Mega Millions as the successor of   The Big Game) is an American multi-jurisdictional $1 lottery game. The first (The   ... Mega Millions - Txlottery 3 days ago ... With rolling jackpots starting at $12 million, Mega Millions is more exciting than   ever! To play, choose five numbers from the first field of 56 ... Mega Millions - State of New Jersey Mega Millions Winning Number Search · Printer friendly version. Date, Winning   Numbers, Mega Ball Number, MegaPlier Multiplier, Annuity Payout. 06/21/2013 ... Mega Millions - Georgia Lottery Subject to the published rules of Mega Millions and the Georgia Lottery   Corporation, the prize amounts indicated here may be pari-mutuel.All claims,   including ... USA Mega - Powerball and Mega Millions Lottery Results and News Home of Mega Millions and Powerball, with the latest lottery results (winning   numbers), original daily lottery news, past drawing history, statistics, powerful   lotto ... Mega Millions Lotto - Wisconsin Lottery Mega Millions information and results from the Wisconsin Lottery. Pennsylvania Lottery - Mega Millions– PA Lottery Game & Lottery ... Play PA Lottery Mega Millions. Find Mega Millions winning Lottery numbers and   Lottery payouts at the official PA Lottery website. Benefits Older ... Powerball up for grabs at $590.5M; Mega Millions won - USA Today May 18, 2013 ... Two winning jackpot tickets were sold in Friday's $190 million Mega Millions   drawing, but even if you aren't holding those magic numbers in ... Massachusetts State Lottery - Lottery Games - Mega Millions The Big Game changed its name on May 15th 2002, to The Big Game Mega   Millions. The Big Game Mega Millions changed its name on June 22, 2005, to   Mega ... Mega Millions - Home Page - Powerball For the Tuesday, June 18 drawing, Loran Kramer purchased a two-play quick   pick Mega Millions with Megaplier ticket at Vince's Corner, 100 East 3rd Street in   ... Mega Millions - Oregon Lottery® Mega Millions® is a Powerball® game, which features 5 white balls and one   Mega Ball®. Match various combinations to win a number of exciting prizes! Mega Millions :: The official Web site of the Missouri Lottery Mega Millions is a game with large jackpots, a large second prize and a total of   nine ways to win - just like Powerball! The jackpot starts at $12 million and grows   ... megamillions :: The Ohio Lottery Learn about the Mega Millions/Megaplier draw game from the Ohio Lottery, how   to play, odds and payouts, FAQs, the winning numbers, jackpot amount, and ... How To Play - Mega Millions Official Home Mega Millions tickets cost $1.00 per play. Players may pick six numbers from two   separate pools of numbers - five different numbers from 1 to 56 and one ... Maryland Lottery - Games – Mega Millions - MDLottery.com Mega Millions is an exciting big Jackpot game that begins at an incredible   $12,000,000 and then ... Mega Millions tickets with Megaplier® cost $2 per game. Powerball won in Florida, Mega Millions won in N.J., Va. - Philly.com May 18, 2013 ... LOTTERY UPDATE: One ticket sold in Florida has won the Powerball jackpot,   with a final annuity value of $590.5 million, short of the advertised ... Hoosier Lottery - Mega Millions Mega Millions with Megaplier® is another Indiana Big Jackpot Game favorite.   The game, sold in 43 states and jurisdictions, offers players a chance to win ... Mega Millions: Jackpot Games | Illinois Lottery Play the Illinois Lottery Mega Millions today to win big jackpots! Buy your lottery   ticket online or in stores for drawings held every Tuesday and Friday! New York Lottery - Hey You Never Know MEGA MILLIONS ... 48. 30. NEXT DRAWING : 06/21/2013 NEXT JACKPOT: $44   MILLION ... NEXT DRAWING: 06/24/2013 ALL JACKPOTS: $1 MILLION CASH ... Florida Lottery - Mega Millions **The jackpot prize will be shared among jackpot winners in all MEGA MILLIONS   states. All non-jackpot prizes are set payouts. If funds are insufficient to pay set ... Mega Millions Lottery news, photos and video - chicagotribune.com Items 1 - 12 of 520 ... News, Photos and Information about Mega Millions Lottery. Mega Millions, Winning Numbers, Lotto News - HuffPost Big News on Mega Millions. Includes blogs, news, and community conversations   about Mega Millions. Mega Millions | Latest Drawings - North Carolina Education Lottery The official site of the North Carolina Education Lottery. Last 25 Drawings - Mega Millions Official Home Mega Millions is a large multi-state lottery in the United States. Mega Millions - Washington's Lottery Mega Millions is a multi-state jackpot game. Jackpots start at $12,000,000 and   keep growing until someone wins. IT'S EASY TO PLAY! Mega Millions tickets cost   ... Mega Millions - The Arizona Lottery Mega Millions has nine winning ball combinations. The more numbers you   choose that match the numbers drawn, the more you win. If other players also   match ... Mega Millions - Michigan Lottery Online Game Winning Numbers ... Next Drawing, Tue. 06/25/13. Estimated Jackpot, $52,000,000. Details.   Description of Win, # of Winners, Prize Amount. Match 4 White Balls Plus Gold   Mega Ball ... Mega Millions - The Arizona Lottery Mega Millions has nine winning ball combinations. The more numbers you   choose that match the numbers drawn, the more you win. If other players also   match ... Mega Millions Topics Page - USATODAY.com Collection of all USATODAY.com coverage of Mega Millions, including articles,   videos, photos, and quotes. Mega Millions - Michigan Lottery Online Game Winning Numbers ... Next Drawing, Tue. 06/25/13. Estimated Jackpot, $52,000,000. Details.   Description of Win, # of Winners, Prize Amount. Match 4 White Balls Plus Gold   Mega Ball ... Iowa Lottery › Games › Mega Millions Mega Millions, the game that holds the record for the largest jackpot in North   America, began on August 31, 1996, as the Big Game. In May 2002, the multi-  state ... Idaho Lottery - Mega Millions Winning Numbers Mega Millions Winning Numbers. Drawing are held at 9pm MT every Tuesday   and Friday night. MEGA MILLIONS :: COLORADO LOTTERY How to Play. Pick Your Numbers Pick 5 numbers from 56 and 1 number out of 46   for Mega Ball. Buy Your Ticket $1 per play (no cancellations). Players must be ... Mega Millions - Georgia Lottery The above information reflects Georgia winners only, with the exception of the   jackpot prize level that reflects jackpot winners from any Mega Millions state. Mega Millions with Megaplier: Maine State Lottery Mega Millions® with Megaplier® is another way to win big! Jackpots start at   $12,000,000; Match 5 Prize with Megaplier is always $1,000,000! Megaplier   option ... New York Lottery - MegaMillions - How to Play Using a blue or black pen or pencil, fill in your choice of five numbers from 1 to 56   in the upper (pink shaded) section of a game panel and select one MEGA ... Mega Millions News and Video - FOX News Topics - FOXNews.com Watch breaking news videos and read news updates about Mega Millions on   FOXNews.com. Oklahoma Lottery Commission - Mega Millions Winning Numbers Mega Millions first winning number is 03 Mega Millions second winning number   is 14 Mega Millions third winning number is 17 Mega Millions fourth winning ... LOTTERY - Mega Millions - State of Michigan LOTTERY - Mega Millions. How to Play - Mega Millions - Oklahoma Lottery Commission Now anytime you purchase Mega Millions with the Megaplier option and match 5   of 5 white balls, you will automatically win $1,000,000. The Megaplier multiplier ... D.C. Lottery - Mega Millions DC Lottery Mega Millions is America's biggest jackpot game with jackpots starting   at $12 million and other prizes ranging from $2 to $250000! The Delaware Lottery | MegaMillions Current Jackpot. Current Annuity Jackpot. $52 Million (Starting Jackpot is $12   Million). Current Cash Jackpot. $36.7 Million. Winning Numbers. 06/21/2013: 03   ... Mega Millions - New Mexico Lottery Mega Millions is played in 44 United States lotteries and the US Virgin ... Multiply   your Mega millions prize, except for the jackpot, for $1 more per play per ... FAQs - Mega Millions Official Home You can play Mega Millions in in 42 states plus the District of Columbia and the   U. S. Virgin Islands; a total of 44 jurisdictions. See the "Where To Play" page for ... Mega Millions | How to Play - North Carolina Education Lottery What is Mega Millions®? Mega Millions is a multi-state lottery game with MEGA   jackpots and MEGA fun! Jackpots start at $12 million and continue to grow until ... 2 Mega Millions jackpot tickets sold, but who won the $600... | www ... May 18, 2013 ... Two winning tickets were sold in Friday's $190 million Mega Millions drawing in   New Jersey and Virginia. MN Lottery - Mega Millions How to Play Mega Millions. Mega Millions is a multi-state lotto game where   jackpots start at $12 million and keep climbing until someone wins! There are big   ... 