California Lottery Official site for California Lottery. LOTTERY - Lottery - State of Michigan Contains winning numbers and related information. New Jersey Lottery: Give Your Dreams a Chance© Saturday. 06/08/13. Current Winning Numbers. Current Jackpot*. MILLION. 126.   PICK 4 EVENING. Monday. 06/10/13. PICK 4 MIDDAY. Tuesday. 06/11/13. The Florida Lottery Provides lottery results, payouts, analysis, statistics, reviews, news and trivia. Illinois Lottery: Buy Lottery Tickets Online for Powerball, Mega ... With Illinois Lottery, Anything's Possible with Games Like Mega Millions,   Powerball, and Lotto. Buy Lottery Tickets Online or Find Winning Lottery   Numbers for ... New York Lottery - Hey You Never Know Each of the trademarks and service marks of the New York Lottery may be used   only with the prior permission of the New York State Gaming Commission. Welcome to the Ohio Lottery! :: The Ohio Lottery The Ohio Lottery offers a wide variety of draw games and instant games, plus   KENO at over 8500 licensed retailer locations across the State of Ohio. Massachusetts State Lottery Find recent and past winning numbers, game information, and related links. Pennsylvania Lottery - Pennsylvania Lottery – PA Lottery Results ... Visit the official Pennsylvania Lottery website for the latest PA Lottery winning   Lottery numbers & game information. Benefits Older Pennsylvanians. Every Day. Texas Lottery Commission Contains winning numbers and related information. Official Home of the Virginia Lottery The Virginia Lottery is a state-run lottery in the Commonwealth of Virginia. Started   in 1988, the Virginia Lottery produces these games: Lotto South, Mega ... Georgia Lottery Information about the lottery, the games, winning numbers, where to play, and   how to collect. Washington's Lottery Includes press releases, winning numbers, active retailer listings, news and   information. Wisconsin Lottery Official Web Site Contains winning numbers and related information. Colorado Lottery Features winning numbers, information about the lottery, questions and answers,   game and other information. Lottery - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia A lottery is a form of gambling which involves the drawing of lots for a prize which   may be a certain amount of money and is taxable if over a certain amount ... Winning Numbers - California Lottery It is the policy of the California Lottery to share your personal information only as   strictly necessary to provide services or assistance. This may include disclosing ... North Carolina Education Lottery: Homepage The official site of the North Carolina Education Lottery. The Arizona Lottery Winning numbers, news, how to claim winnings, past winners, and how the   money is spent. Receive winning numbers by email. CT Lottery Official Web Site Your online source for lotto, powerball, cash 5, daily numbers and instant games   information. Oklahoma Lottery Commission - Official Website The Official Website of the Oklahoma Lottery Commission. Hoosier Lottery Hoosier Lottery Homepage · promotions & events · mylottery · Login · sign up ·   mylottery Questions · my dashboard · about us · Everybody Wins · Problem ... MN Lottery - Minnesota State Lottery Home Source for winning numbers, winners information, and press releases. Lottery Results Lottery Results and Winning Numbers from LotteryUSA. Fast, convenient and   easy results for all US state lotteries including POWERBALL and MEGA   MILLIONS. Louisiana Lottery Corporation Official site of the Louisiana Lottery Corporation. Get information on the Lottery   and the games we offer. Check back daily for draw results and jackpot ... Kentucky Lottery Contains winning lottery numbers, instant games, and related information. Texas Lottery - Txlottery Texas Lottery - Play the Games of Texas! ... Since the Texas Lottery sold its first   ticket in 1992, players have won more than $40 billion ($40,737,048,520) in ... South Carolina Education Lottery News, games available, sales locator, and a FAQ for the SC Lottery. Maryland Lottery Baltimore Taxi Driver Picks Up $77,700 Lottery Scratch-off Win ... Baltimore   Mailman Makes Special Delivery to Maryland Lottery ... Home - Oregon Lottery® Offers a variety of games, winning numbers, and related information. Official Web Site of the Iowa Lottery including Winning Numbers ... Has winning numbers, press releases, and lotto links. Mega Millions Official Home Mega Millions is a large multi-state lottery in the United States. With lotteries from   Georgia, Illinois, Michigan, Maryland, Massachusetts, New Jersey, New York, ... Molottery.com :: The official Web Site of the Missouri Lottery Official site shows how to play and check for winning numbers as well as where   the money goes. Florida Lottery - Winning Numbers Are You a Winner? All Terminal game prizes must be claimed at a Florida Lottery   retailer or Florida Lottery office on or before the 180th day after the winning ... Powerball - Home Powerball Numbers · Winners' Stories · How To Play · Where To Play · Signup ·   Lottery Links · FAQ/History/News · About Us · Home · Play Responsibly · Press ... Kansas Lottery Home Page Contains winning numbers, how to play and other information. Nebraska Lottery General information, game information, winning and numbers. Lottery Tennessee Central information resource about the games, winners, scholarships,   procurement opportunities, applying to sell tickets, and other topics. Rhode Island Lottery Official Site of the Rhode Island Lottery, winning numbers, jackpots, game   information, press releases, promotions, Rhody Replay, Second Chance   Drawings, ... Tennessee Lottery website JACKPOTS CONTINUE TO GROW; POWERBALL WON IN PA The Tennessee   Lottery's weekend news includes thousands of winning tickets and jackpots that ... Washington's Lottery -- Winning Numbers Lottery Prize Claim Form. Numbers not official until validated. Maine State Lottery Search Lottery. Home · Draw Games · Powerball · Megabucks Plus · Mega ...   Keep it fun, play responsibly! Illegal Foreign Lotteries: The Games You Can't Win! New Mexico Lottery - Benefitting New Mexico's Future Provides winning numbers, games and other information. Idaho Lottery Idaho Lottery: We've got your numbers, whether you play Powerball, Mega   Millions, Hot Lotto, Wild Card, Pick 3 or Weekly Grand. With our Scratch Games   we ... Louisiana Lottery Corporation - Winning Numbers - WVLA NBC 33 Official site of the Louisiana Lottery Corporation. Get information on the Lottery   and the games we offer. Check back daily for draw results and jackpot ... Illinois (IL) Lottery Results | Lottery Post Illinois (IL) lottery results (winning numbers) and prize payouts for My3 Midday,   Pick 3 Midday, My3 Evening, Pick 3 Evening, Pick 4 Midday, Pick 4 Evening, ... South Dakota Lottery Information about the South Dakota Lottery and its games. North Dakota Lottery | Home Welcome to the North Dakota Lottery – Imagine the Possibilities! Check out the   games, winning numbers, how to claim a prize, news and more! Powerball, Mega   ... NH Lottery Commission - Winning Numbers - New Hampshire Lottery The New Hampshire Lottery® is the oldest, legal lottery in the ... Michigan Lottery The official Michigan Lottery website offers lottery results, current jackpots, Club   Keno 'To Go' and more! Join the Player's Club for second chances to win or look   ... 